[Autocomplete] Enable global customization of different options (#36971)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/autocomplete/autocomplete.md

{{"demo": "CustomInputAutocomplete.js"}}

### Globally Customized Options

> You can customize the Autocomplete options globally using [theme default props](/material-ui/customization/theme-components/#theme-default-props) for all of your Autocomplete components in your app.
> 
> Suppose you want to add ripple effects to all of your Autocomplete component options, you can set the `renderOption` property in the `defaultProps` key in the theme. This property receives `ownerState` as the fourth parameter, which includes props and internal component state. You can use the `getOptionLabel` prop from the `ownerState`.
> This allows each `Autocomplete` component to have different options while maintaining the same styling.

Reviewer: There is no Button now to have ripple effect. Also to simplify a bit:
```suggestion
To globally customize the Autocomplete options for all components in your app, you can use the [theme default props](/material-ui/customization/theme-components/#theme-default-props) and set the `renderOption` property in the `defaultProps` key. The `renderOption` property takes the `ownerState` as the fourth parameter, which includes props and internal component state. To display the label, you can use the `getOptionLabel` prop from the `ownerState`. This approach enables different options for each Autocomplete component while keeping the options styling consistent.
```
